fix: use Q tag with lang for non-English (#21460)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/text-combine-upright/index.md

The **`text-combine-upright`** [CSS](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS) property sets the combination of characters into the space of a single character. If the combined text is wider than 1em, the user agent must fit the contents within 1em. The resulting composition is treated as a single upright glyph for layout and decoration. This property only has an effect in vertical writing modes.

> This is used to produce an effect that is known as tate-chū-yoko <q lang="ja">縦中横</q> in Japanese, or as <q lang="zh-cn">直書橫向</q> in Chinese.

Reviewer: Mostly unrelated, but @yin1999 do you understand what 「直書橫向」 is? I don't and Google doesn't give me any results. I don't think it's `zh-cn` at least.

Author: I think the JA translation tagged it as `zh-Hant` but I wasn't sure about using that here

Reviewer 2: I've searched this. It seems to be `纵横混排` in Chinese (see: [zh-CN](https://learn.microsoft.com/zh-cn/office/client-developer/visio/objectkind-cell-text-fields-section) and [ja](https://learn.microsoft.com/ja-jp/office/client-developer/visio/objectkind-cell-text-fields-section))

`zh-Hant` means that the language is **t**raditional Chinese (zh-TW in mdn).

But in zh-TW, the translation I can find is: `橫向文字` (<https://www.microsoft.com/zh-tw/language/Search?&searchTerm=Horizontal%20in%20Vertical&langID=129&Source=true&productid=0>)

> This is used to produce an effect that is known as tate-chū-yoko <q lang="ja">縦中横</q> in Japanese, or as <q lang="zh-cn">直書橫向</q> in Chinese.

Author: How about this
```suggestion
This is used to produce an effect that is known as tate-chū-yoko <q lang="ja">縦中横</q> in Japanese, or as <q lang="zh-TW">橫向文字</q> in Chinese.
```

Reviewer 2: maybe:

```suggestion
This is used to produce an effect that is known as tate-chū-yoko <q lang="ja">縦中横</q> in Japanese, or as <q lang="zh-Hant">橫向文字</q> in Chinese.
```
